Add docs for `V1 Data Engine` and `Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU for V2 Data Engine` (#825)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/references/settings.md

>
> - When the V2 Data Engine is enabled, each instance-manager pod utilizes 1 CPU core. This high CPU usage is attributed to the spdk_tgt process running within each instance-manager pod. The spdk_tgt process is responsible for handling input/output (IO) operations and requires intensive polling. As a result, it consumes 100% of a dedicated CPU core to efficiently manage and process the IO requests, ensuring optimal performance and responsiveness for storage operations.

#### Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU for V2 Data Engine

> Default: `1250`

Number of millicpus on each node to be reserved for each instance manager pod when the V2 Data Engine is enabled. By default, the Storage Performance Development Kit (SPDK) target daemon within each instance manager pod uses 1 CPU core. Configuring a minimum CPU usage value is essential for maintaining engine and replica stability, especially during periods of high node workload.

> **Warning:**

> >  - Value 0 means unsetting CPU requests for instance manager pods for v2 data engine.
> >  - This integer value is range from 1000 to 8000.
> >  - After this setting is changed, all instance manager pods using this global setting on all the nodes will be automatically restarted. In other words, DO NOT CHANGE THIS SETTING WITH ATTACHED VOLUMES.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  - Specifying a value of 0 disables CPU requests for instance manager pods. You must specify an integer between 1000 and 8000. 
>  - This is a global setting. Modifying the value triggers an automatic restart of the instance manager pods. Do not modify the value while volumes are still attached.
```

> Default: `12`

> Percentage of the total allocatable CPU resources on each node to be reserved for each instance manager pod when the V1 Data Engine is enabled. For example, 10 means 10% of the total CPU on a node will be allocated to each instance manager pod on this node. This will help maintain engine and replica stability during high node workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percentage of the total allocatable CPU resources on each node to be reserved for each instance manager pod when the V1 Data Engine is enabled. For example, Longhorn reserves 10% of the total allocatable CPU resources if you specify a value of 10. This setting is essential for maintaining engine and replica stability, especially during periods of high node workload.
```
